#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with python 3.10
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
aiofiles==22.1.0
    # via ypy-websocket
aiosqlite==0.18.0
    # via ypy-websocket
anyio==3.6.2
    # via jupyter-server
appnope==0.1.3
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
argon2-cffi==21.3.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
argon2-cffi-bindings==21.2.0
    # via argon2-cffi
arrow==1.2.3
    # via isoduration
asttokens==2.2.1
    # via stack-data
attrs==22.2.0
    # via jsonschema
babel==2.11.0
    # via jupyterlab-server
backcall==0.2.0
    # via ipython
beautifulsoup4==4.11.2
    # via nbconvert
black==23.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
bleach==6.0.0
    # via nbconvert
certifi==2022.12.7
    # via requests
cffi==1.15.1
    # via
    #   argon2-cffi-bindings
    #   cryptography
charset-normalizer==3.0.1
    # via
    #   pdfminer-six
    #   requests
click==8.1.3
    # via black
comm==0.1.2
    # via ipykernel
cryptography==39.0.0
    # via pdfminer-six
debugpy==1.6.6
    # via ipykernel
decorator==5.1.1
    # via ipython
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via nbconvert
executing==1.2.0
    # via stack-data
fastjsonschema==2.16.2
    # via nbformat
flake8==6.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
fqdn==1.5.1
    # via jsonschema
idna==3.4
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   jsonschema
    #   requests
ipykernel==6.20.2
    # via
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
ipython==8.9.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyterlab
    #   nbqa
ipython-genutils==0.2.0
    # via
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
isoduration==20.11.0
    # via jsonschema
isort==5.12.0
    # via -r requirements.in
jedi==0.18.2
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.1.2
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbconvert
    #   notebook
json5==0.9.11
    # via jupyterlab-server
jsonpointer==2.3
    # via jsonschema
jsonschema[format-nongpl]==4.17.3
    # via
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbformat
jupyter-client==8.0.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   nbexec
    #   notebook
jupyter-core==5.2.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
jupyter-events==0.6.3
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyter-server-fileid
jupyter-server==2.2.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server-fileid
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook-shim
jupyter-server-fileid==0.7.0
    # via jupyter-server-ydoc
jupyter-server-terminals==0.4.4
    # via jupyter-server
jupyter-server-ydoc==0.6.1
    # via jupyterlab
jupyter-ydoc==0.2.2
    # via
    #   jupyter-server-ydoc
    #   jupyterlab
jupyterlab==3.6.1
    # via -r requirements.in
jupyterlab-pygments==0.2.2
    # via nbconvert
jupyterlab-server==2.19.0
    # via jupyterlab
markupsafe==2.1.2
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   nbconvert
matplotlib-inline==0.1.6
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mccabe==0.7.0
    # via flake8
mistune==2.0.4
    # via nbconvert
mypy-extensions==0.4.3
    # via black
nbclassic==0.5.1
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
nbclient==0.7.2
    # via nbconvert
nbconvert==7.2.9
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbexec
    #   notebook
nbexec==0.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
nbformat==5.7.3
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbexec
    #   notebook
nbqa==1.6.1
    # via -r requirements.in
nest-asyncio==1.5.6
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
notebook==6.5.2
    # via jupyterlab
notebook-shim==0.2.2
    # via nbclassic
numpy==1.24.1
    # via pandas
packaging==23.0
    # via
    #   black
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbconvert
pandas==1.5.3
    # via -r requirements.in
pandocfilters==1.5.0
    # via nbconvert
parso==0.8.3
    # via jedi
pathspec==0.11.0
    # via black
pdfminer-six==20221105
    # via pdfplumber
pdfplumber==0.8.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pexpect==4.8.0
    # via ipython
pickleshare==0.7.5
    # via ipython
pillow==9.4.0
    # via pdfplumber
platformdirs==2.6.2
    # via
    #   black
    #   jupyter-core
prometheus-client==0.16.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
prompt-toolkit==3.0.36
    # via ipython
psutil==5.9.4
    # via ipykernel
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via
    #   pexpect
    #   terminado
pure-eval==0.2.2
    # via stack-data
pycodestyle==2.10.0
    # via flake8
pycparser==2.21
    # via cffi
pyflakes==3.0.1
    # via flake8
pygments==2.14.0
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   nbconvert
pyrsistent==0.19.3
    # via jsonschema
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   arrow
    #   jupyter-client
    #   pandas
python-json-logger==2.0.4
    # via jupyter-events
pytz==2022.7.1
    # via
    #   babel
    #   pandas
pyyaml==6.0
    # via jupyter-events
pyzmq==25.0.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
requests==2.28.2
    # via jupyterlab-server
rfc3339-validator==0.1.4
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rfc3986-validator==0.1.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
send2trash==1.8.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   asttokens
    #   bleach
    #   python-dateutil
    #   rfc3339-validator
sniffio==1.3.0
    # via anyio
soupsieve==2.3.2.post1
    # via beautifulsoup4
stack-data==0.6.2
    # via ipython
terminado==0.17.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyter-server-terminals
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
tinycss2==1.2.1
    # via nbconvert
tokenize-rt==5.0.0
    # via nbqa
tomli==2.0.1
    # via
    #   black
    #   jupyterlab
    #   nbqa
tornado==6.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
    #   terminado
traitlets==5.9.0
    # via
    #   comm
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-core
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyter-server
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
uri-template==1.2.0
    # via jsonschema
urllib3==1.26.14
    # via requests
wand==0.6.11
    # via pdfplumber
wcwidth==0.2.6
    # via prompt-toolkit
webcolors==1.12
    # via jsonschema
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   tinycss2
websocket-client==1.5.0
    # via jupyter-server
y-py==0.5.5
    # via
    #   jupyter-ydoc
    #   ypy-websocket
ypy-websocket==0.8.2
    # via jupyter-server-ydoc
